>> Kyle: One metaphor that I have used for
years that works well for me and
maybe will work well for you.
This idea of scopes being nested within
each other is similar to a building
with a big tall elevator in it, okay?
Imagine if you went into a building and
you were looking for something but
you didn't know where it was.
You just knew it was
somewhere in the building or
probably somewhere in the building.
You'd start on the first floor.
You just do basically a linear search.
Start on the first floor,
look for it there.
And if you don't find it,
take the elevator to the next floor,
look for it there.
If you don't find it,
do that again and again and again.
And eventually you're gonna arrive
at the top floor of the building.
And you either find it or you don't,
but there's nowhere else to go.
So conceptually the first floor is our
current scope where the reference is,
and the top floor is the global scope.
>> Kyle: We'll come back to this
metaphor a later time in the course.
So just kinda keep that in your
head if that works for you,
this idea of going one floor up at a time.
We don't immediately jump to the global
scope, we just go one floor at a time.